Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
in our birthday.
Run and go like one in Dylan.
Are he the nose?
I'm gonna start over
O come, let us sing the praise of the Lord,
O come, let us sing the praise of the Lord.
Who will give the world the name of the Lord,
The Lord of the world, the Lord of the world,
The Lord of the world, the Lord of the world.
O come, let us sing the praise of the Lord,
Die, mark the soldier, die, mark the soldier,
Die, mark the soldier, and with him we stand,
O come, let us sing the praise of the Lord,
Die, then, and o'er death, ye reverent breath,
Ye dry, ye remedy, all yon life,
O come, let us sing the praise of the Lord,
A here I come, ever let me, How bright and pure in my view.
Have once been you, and over e'er, Gleamed to be you of car high.
O carat, peace in the hill, O laura, trom, o trom.
O'er the west high, the west high sea, O'er the west low des land,
Achille, my love, and my love,
I will never forget you.
I will never forget you,
My mind will be at your side,
over your body,
growing courage to protect you,
and growing love all on high.
I will never forget you,
and grow love all on high.
And part of child,
old time.
Oh, and one day I'll ask with a
Hallelujah symbol,
and my friend, God, I may kiss you
and my love, I may kiss you,
and my love, I may kiss you.
And Lord, I will with a right word
to want you all the way.
And I will kiss you,
and my love, I may kiss you.
Oh, and one day I'll ask with a
Hallelujah symbol,
and my friend, God, I may kiss you
and my love, I may kiss you.
And part of child,
old time.
Oh, and one day I'll ask with a
Hallelujah symbol,
and my friend, God, I may kiss you
and my love, I may kiss you.
And Lord, I will kiss you,
and my friend, God, I may kiss you.
And my friend, God, I may kiss you
and my love, I may kiss you.
Ride the crossing, O divided,
Ride the rock of Perumar,
Ride the crossing on the roster,
Perumar, Perumar.
God in dynamo, God in dynamo,
God in dynamo, oh, oh, oh, oh,
Galatia free.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Galatia free.
Come and yes, sing in the high
wood, in the high top,
all the way,
in the upper, the roast,
where they see you, and they'll pay.
Until glory, until glory,
until glory, until glory,
until glory.
Come and yes, sing in the high wood,
in the high top, all the way,
in the upper, the roast,
where they see you, and they'll pay.
Come and yes, sing in the high wood,
in the high top, all the way,
in the upper, the roast,
where they see you, and they'll pay.
Until glory, until glory,
until glory, until glory,
until glory,
until glory.
The tree,
the tree that was
Yes, we God, thy plan I keep.
Yes, I love the Lord.
Keep thee open,
From the world to keep.
Yes, I'm your strong friend.
On thy winding,
Beaming,
Yes, in the holy darkness,
Yes, we Lord, in thy name.
In the holy darkness,
My know, son,
Thee I've gripped in ores,
In serency in an air.
I'll be thy proxy, my sovereign,
If I not go a-welfare,
Of all thy deep new breath.
In thy name, my sovereign,
I'll be thy proxy, my sovereign,
If I not go a-welfare,
Of all thy deep new breath.
O God, our God, we pray.
Ere mor bai thir aayal,
Ere mor arunin,
Ere pal bai thir aayal,
Gana storming clean,
On him probim mana,
Chow the whirl o' blasts,
Call of alleluia,
Deep ar new darbaz.
Hain yon himnos aay,
Vail a-mola ar bain,
Pana bimana aay,
Day ar hoth man saay.
Merthi ser i thamna,
Pro din i thwas,
In thy gana ecto,
Deep ar new darbaz.
O imar her,
Thou wouldst be done done,
O in the heaven,
Ere neb o'leth,
Thine truion, thine true lois,
Pana d'or donar,
Bain at guana hero,
Mind thou well, God of yes,
He ruled the proist.
Uroar heith,
Nahmash astormith garvah,
Avling obith,
Nahweru iu iu nod,
Pan fath o'r enaid,
Ar anus amia,
An cry di me from Bangwesbill,
An chai.
O grovir heil,
Thou nain vise yon dowell,
Tung bith aneir,
Dansha ved i gai frin,
Heel of midheel,
Molda rost pith an fio gel,
An gai adieu,
And cometh,
A'lo hi.
O aneir,
Sin tib o' menis avon,
Troy thine ast new,
Dung aneir,
Bui yon frin,
Heel med i lois,
I dar vat per erinion,
Ev om om et anus tributil.
Invented thy rohi,
Neath thy self-limb on tani,
I'll cross if thou art,
Thou art,
Thou art.
Akag lois ust oike dejauron,
Bunny eat
on bit a'cari'.